New Getting Started (#152)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/getting-started/index.md

---
title: Quick Start
---

- TOC
{:toc}

Bump.sh connects people with REST and event-driven APIs, by centralizing a reference point: their documentation, highlighted with the latest changes and updates.

From your API definition (OpenAPI and AsyncAPI), Bump.sh automatically generates the documentation you need, a detailed changelog of the latest changes, and offers you many options to customize it to provide a unique experience that is your own.

This Getting Started guide aims to get you started quickly if you're writing OpenAPI or AsyncAPI files or if you know where these files are located in your code repository.

> You will start by [deploying your first API documentation](/getting-started/upload-your-first-definition/) and then explore initial customization options before [delving deeper](/going-further/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will start by [deploying your first API documentation](/getting-started/upload-your-first-definition/) and then explore initial customization options before [digging further](/going-further/).
```

Although I enjoy that vocabulary, I would opt for more straightforward/"more international" English.
